Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now there will be times when you don't want to report every exception to the user so your program can
have errors in the background and the user doesn't have to know about it but you will need some sort
of error reporting system.
And we'll talk about that later.
Instead you'll want the program to fail silently and continue as if nothing happened to make the program
fail silently.
You write you write a try block and then tell Python to do nothing except block.
You can do this by using the past Egmond.
So how we do that.
Well that's comment out the code in error.
Except BLOCK So here we go and take that out as well.
And all we put in here now is pass and what's going to happen now is pipe is going to continue on as
if nothing had happened nothing has gone wrong in a program and a user will never know.
So let's run our program.
OK.
There we go the file.
Cliff has approximately 180 and has more ads in it.
And as you can see here it's still looking for the Moby Dick program.
But unlike in our last lecture you.
An error is not reported to the user.
So now when a file not found error is raised to code except block runs but nothing happens.
And this can be very this can be very helpful in other programs where you don't want to use to know
that something has gone wrong but you might want to have a file an error log in the background running
which makes note and makes diagnostics a little bit easier.
So thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.